---
title: "All Docs"
aliases: "all"
date: 2019-04-26T06:45:43-04:00
draft: true
---

# **Kayzor backend features**

Welcome to Kayzor backend functionality documentation. Here you will find feature list and FAQ. All documentation is divided into sections below:

[TOC]

## 1. Dashboard

In dashboard section system displays general statistics for:

Users - current total number of users in database
Leagues - current total number of leagues in database
Countries - current total number of countries in database
Sports - current total number of sports in database
Events - current total number of events in database

## 2. Users

### 2.1 List

System display all users in table. Each user in table has parameters below:

ID ( generated by system user ID)
Username (from registration form taken username)
Email (from registration form taken user's email)
Balance (amount of money which user has at this moment with currency sign which he chose in registration)

### 2.2 Search

System has tools to search for user with certain parameters.
First is one search field which search all parameters in table (ID, Username, Email, Balance).
Second appears when you press Advanced button near first search. Once user press that button below appears search fields below:

Email (input with validations)
Username (input with autocomplete)
Name (input with autocomplete)
Last name (input with autocomplete)
DOB (date range from to  with calendar)
Country (dropbox from existing ones in registration)
State (dropbox from existing ones in registration)
Personal code (input)
Currency (dropbox from existing currencies)
City (dropbox from existing ones in registration)
Phone number (dropbox + input like in registration )

### 2.3 Create user

System allows to create new users from administration panel. In order to create user admin needs to fil in registration fields:

Email
Username
Password
Your name
You last name
DOB
Country
State
Personal code
Currency
City
Address
Phone number

### 2.4 User inside information

**Profile**
System displays user details which was filled in creation of user.

**Credit / Debit**
System allows to change user's balance by crediting or debited them.

**Last financial transactions**
System display last 10 financial transactions.

**Last placed tickets**
System display last 10 placed tickets.

## 3. Roles

### 3.1 List roles

System lists all available user roles in table with parameters:

ID (ID of role)
Name (name of role)

### 3.2 Edit roles

System allows you to edit role parameters:

Name
Slug
Permissions

### 3.3 Create roles

System allows to create roles for certain accessibility and functionality stack.
In creation of role admin can assign certain permission to do certain task in sportbook business.

## 4. Tickets

### 4.1 List tickets

System display all users in table. Each ticket in table has parametres below:

ID (ticket ID generated by system)
Date (date when it was placed in format yyyy/mm/dd hh:mm)
Username (user's username)
Odd (total odd in ticket)
Amount (amount of money which was staked with currency)
Return (Potential winning amount with currency)
Type (single or multi ticket)
Status (current ticket status: lost, pending, cancelled or won)

### 4.2 Search tickets

System has tools to search for user with certain parameters.
First is one search field which search all parameters in table.
Second appears when you press Advanced button near first search. Once user press that button below appears search fields below:

ID (input)
Date (date range with calendar)
Username (input, autocomplete)
Odd (rage in numbers)
Amount (range in numbers, must select currency)
Currency (dropbox)
Return (range in numbers, must select currency)
Type (dropbox)
Status (dropbox)

### 4.3 Ticket inside information

**Profile**
System displays general ticket details. Parameters:

ID (ticket ID generated by system)
Date (date when it was placed in format yyyy/mm/dd hh:mm)
Username (user's username)
Odd (total odd in ticket)
Amount (amount of money which was staked with currency)
Return (Potential winning amount with currency)
Type (single or multi ticket)
Status (current ticket status: lost, pending, cancelled or won)

**Bets**
System display ticket's bets. Parameters:

ID (event ID in our system)
Provider's ID (event ID in provider's system)
Start date (start date of event in format yyyy/mm/dd hh:mm by admin time)
Sport-League (sport name and league of event. For example: Basketball - NBA)
Event name (name of event which is in foramt ""team1 - team2"")
Odd (odd of bet)
Pick (what user selected as outcome)
Result (result from data provider. If there is no yet then we show minus sign)
Status (status of bet)

### 4.4 Cancel ticket

System allows to cancel ticket. It means that all bet's odds from ticket becomes 1 and system return stake to user's account.

## 5. Events

### 5.1 List of pre-match events

System display all prematch events in table. Each event in table has parametres below:

ID (event ID in our system)
Provider's ID (event ID in provider's system)
Start date (start date of event in format yyyy/mm/dd hh:mm by admin time)
Event name (name of event which is in foramt "team1 - team2")
Sport-League (sport name and league of event. For example: Basketball - NBA)
Status (one of event statuses)
Result (result from data provider. If there is no yet then we show minus sign)

### 5.2 List of live events

System display all live events in table. Each user in table has parametres below:

ID (event ID in our system)
Provider's ID (event ID in provider's system)
Start date (start date of event in format yyyy/mm/dd hh:mm by admin time)
Event name (name of event which is in foramt "team1 - team2")
Sport-League (sport name and league of event. For example: Basketball - NBA)
Status (one of event statuses)
Result (result from data provider. If there is no yet then we show minus sign)

### 5.3 List market templates

System list all markets template. We use those templates when we create markets. Each market template in table has parametres below:

ID
Name
Coverage
Bookmaker
Format

### 5.4 Create market template

System also allows to create new market template. In order to create market template you need to fill in form:

Main information:
Name
Coverage
Bookmaker
Format
State

Parts:

Name
Line (optional)
Odds (optional)
Order (optional)
Status
State

### 5.5 Create and edit event with markets

System allows to create new event and markets using market templates. Event consist of 4 sections:

Main information:
Name
Coverage
Sport
League
Start date
End date
Status
State

Participants:
Add/remove/list participants

Results:
Add/remove/list participants and option to add result

Markets:
You can create markets by using market templates. You choose from list of existing ones. fill in data and create it. You can also edit existing markets.

### 5.6 Search events

System has tools to search for events with certain parameters.
First is one search field which search all parameters in table.
Second appears when you press Advanced button near first search. Once user press that button below appears search fields below:

ID (input)
Provider's ID (input)
Start date ( (date range from to  with format yyyy/mm/dd hh:mm)
Event name (input)
Sport (dropbox)
League (dropbox)
Status (dropbox)

### 5.7 List countries

System displays all available countries. You can edit./delete their names.

### 5.8 List leagues

System displays all available leagues. You can edit./delete their names.

## 6. Finance

### 6.1 List deposits

System display all deposit transactions in table. Each event in table has parametres below:

Transaction ID (our system transaction ID)
Provider's transaction ID (transaction ID from provider)
Username (username of account in which transaction appears)
Date (date of transaction with format yyyy/mm/dd hh:mm)
Payment (name of payment gateway)
Type (deposit or withdrawal)
Amount (amount of money with currency)
Status (status of transaction)

### 6.2 Search transaction

System has tools to search for user with certain parameters.
First is one search field which search all parameters in table.
Second appears when you press Advanced button near first search. Once user press that button below appears search fields below:

Transaction ID (input)
Provider's transaction ID (input, autocomplete)
Username (input, autocomplete)
Date (date range with calendar)
Type (dropbox)
Payment (dropbox)
Status (dropbox)
Amount (range in numbers, must select currency)
Currency (dropbox)

### 6.3 List withdraws

System display all withdrawal transactions in table. Each event in table has parametres below:

Transaction ID (our system transaction ID)
Provider's transaction ID (transaction ID from provider)
Username (username of account in which transaction appears)
Date (date of transaction with format yyyy/mm/dd hh:mm)
Payment (name of payment gateway)
Type (deposit or withdrawal)
Amount (amount of money with currency)
Status (status of transaction)

## 7. Settings

### 7.1 Betting settings

**Minimum/Maximum winning amount**
System allows to control min and max winning amount for each currency.

**Minimum/Maximum stake amount**
System allows to control min and max stake amount for each currency.

**Minimum/Maximum  odd**
System allows to control min and max odd in ticket.

**Minimum/Maximum  bet(s)**
System allows to control min and max bet(s) in ticket.

### 7.2 Finance settings

Minimum/Maximum deposit amount
System allows to control min and max deposit amount for each currency and paymetn gateway.

Minimum/Maximum  withdrawal amount
System allows to control min and max withdrawal amount for each currency and paymetn gateway.

### 7.3 Website settings

**Website name**
System allows to setup website name which will be seen as tab title.

**Default timezone**
System allows to setup default timezone.

**Default odds type**
System allows to setup default odds type.

**Default language**
System allows to setup default language.

**Default currency**
System allows to setup default currency.

**Registration on/off**
System allows to turn off or turn on registration button on web.

**Login on/off**
System allows to turn off or turn on login button on web.

**Reset password on/off**
System allows to turn off or turn on password reset button on web.

### 7.4 Currencies

#### 7.4.1 List currencies

System display all currencies in table. Each event in table has parameters below:

Name
Currency symbol

#### 7.4.2 Create currency

Once we create currency we add symbol and name. Morover we must setup risks and limits for new currency:

**New currency Manual payment finance settings:**
Minimum/Maximum deposit amount
Minimum/Maximum  withdrawal amount

**New currency betting settings:**
Minimum/Maximum winning amount
Minimum/Maximum stake amount
Minimum/Maximum odd





# **Kayzor frontend features**





## 1. Main page

### 1.1 Login

System allows to enter to user panel through login form. It consists of username and email fields. System gives permission to enter user panel if web user puts correct username and password.

### 1.2 Log out

Logged in user can log out any time from his account. This way user keeps his account protected for certain attacks.

###  1.3 Register

In order to get account user must register on the website. Registration consist of various information requests. User can use his account once user verify his account by email.

### 1.4 Forgot password

System allows to restore his password if user forgot his account. In order to restore it user must enter his email address and restore his password

### 1.5 Content menu

System has information pages which are on web. User can access article which are or would be controlable from admin side.

### 1.6 Search

System allows to search events, sport, leagues within one search field. With each added symbol search results are changing.

### 1.7 Slider

System has a slider which can be userd in marketing purposes. Sportsbook can promote certain events or marketing campaigns.

### 1.8 Settings

System allows for each user to setup his timezone, odds type and language. All this can be done in settings near search function.

### 1.9 Sports listing

System lists all available sports. It displays only sports which has one active event. Certain sport can be found through navigation or search function.

### 1.10 League listing

System lists all available leagues. It displays only sports which has one active event. Certain league can be found through navigation or search function.

### 1.11 Events listing

System lists all available event. It displays only sports which has one active event. Certain event can be found through navigation or search function.

### 1.12 Inside event

System display all available market and odds for each event. Moreover it display event information like start date, participants and time left for start.

### 1.13 Betslip

All betting processes are made through betslip. Placing tickets are most important function in sportsbook.

## 2. User panel

### 2.1 Tickets

System displays all user's placed tickets. It also has filters which allow user to locate tickets in range of date of statuses.

### 2.2 Deposits

System allow user to deposit money through our payment gateways.

### 2.3 Withdraws

System allow user to withdraw money through our paymetn gateways.

### 2.4 Transaction history

System display all user's deposit and withdrawal transactions. Each transaction has it own ID and other parametres.

### 2.5 Account settings

User can set hsi default settings of timezone, language or odds type.

### 2.6 Profile

User can change part of his personal information.



# Admin FAQ



## Dashboard

### What information I can reach in dashboard?



## Users

### How to create user?

### How to find user?

### How to access user profile?

### How to change risks for certain user?



## Roles

### How to create roles?

### How to edit existing role?



## Tickets

### How to find ticket?

### How to cancel ticket?



## Events

### How to create event?

### What is market template?

### How to enter result?

### How to find event?



## Finance

### How to find transaction?

### How to cancel transaction?



## Settings

### How to edit betting settings?

### How to edit finance settings?

### How to change default settings?



# WEB FAQ



## Main page

### How to register account?

### How to search for event?

### How bet slip works?

### How to change language?



## User panel

### How to deposit?

### How to find my placed ticket?

### How to change my personal information?
